everybody welcome magnet land please
binding of issac after birth plus it's a
daily time yesterday we came to point
four four percent two hundred and
seventy seventh overall wait let me go
back to point four four percent 207
overall pretty good score with room for
improvement today
Eden run all the way to mega satan
scores are good today fifty four
thousand sixty five thousand on the
front page
although the front page hasn't exactly
been a reasonable goal for us based on
recent performance but that's ok you
start with the nail and mom's knife is
too this is this is just even this is
two items it's just even I thought it
was like today's international I don't
know build build things day or something
with knives and nails I mean we don't
need to give you the seed you know
what's up here this is uh absurdly great
this run effectively I mean I don't want
to get your hopes up unnecessarily here
it should be conceivable to beat every
room on today's daily without ever
getting hit as a result of the
ridiculous damage that we have but it is
the first run that I'm doing the day so
I don't know let's just use it as a good
opportunity to ease into things here as
always I open these episodes I'd like to
turn the lens of criticism inwards you
know I I'm an adult most of the time I
take responsibility for my own actions
every time I fart I say the same thing
if you can't do the crime don't do the
time you know that's what I always say
I'm always giving up time and then I'm
like hey where's my crimes and they're
like we don't know if you can do it I've
already given you the time let's work
backwards and then they tell me NL
you're intentionally obfuscating the
metaphor for the purposes of absurdity
and I say why are you calling me NL I'm
at the DMV that's not what it says on my
driver's license yet anyway so my basic
game plan here is just to take as little
damage as possible I think I worry a
little too much about the like but now
like minutia of a run I'm always like a
little if we do this we can save one
bomb like I just did for there or right
there for example tried to walk into
that to see if it could be the secret
room but I'm not sure if that's how
works there's three potential secret
room locations here which is there's two
potential secret room locations here
which is kind of absurd for a for a
first-floor
this one seems relatively likely well
tinted rocks are irrelevant a because
we're doing fine and B because we can
just crack them open with a nail any way
out case we found this one three more
sense gives us a crack at an arcade that
could be good what do I think is the
actual way for us to improve our daily
score say it with me
don't lose focus late in the game stop
taking stupid damage but we've been
playing very consistently lately no no
ten out of ten dailies with no fives
either so we do probably want to go to
the curse room but our first priority is
definitely going to be making sure that
we get our deal with the devil here and
otherwise you know it's been good Isaac
in lately so there is a tinted rock I
was actually like starting to entertain
the thought and people going to be like
no please go back to that but no I'm
starting to entertain the thought like
am I done with Isaac the games been out
for a long time and if I'm playing so
badly maybe it's time I hang on my Isaac
boots which are really just whatever New
Balance sneakers I purchase most
recently and have not completely worn
out yet
oh god run for your life but no I feel
like I'm back in the groove now I really
do like this game is good for my mental
health which is a strange thing to say
about a game where you know you play as
a baby who's murdering his own mother
but no there's it's a let me put it this
way we don't live in the animal kingdom
right humans evolved in a state of
constant competition and you know
threats and blah blah blah video games
are a way to simulate that and it once
you give relatively good at them there's
a certain sense of satisfaction I think
that comes with like hey I can play this
game I can execute like a pattern that
my brain likes and understands and feel
like I'm you know simulating ripping a
saber-toothed Tigers Jaw or something
like that I look I'm not a not a
psychologist I don't know
the finer points this was our other 10 -
Drock yeah I just want smaller rock
basically that's also decent it feels as
they answer why people like crossword
puzzles you know I'm a creature of
routine a hundred percent you might have
noticed her in the fact that you know I
play a lot of the same games that speed
upgrade is actually very useful here
let's go for deal with the devil
president I have a feeling it's going to
be more valuable especially with our HP
gear being good and I don't really feel
like my day is started until I've
recorded the eyes of Daley and another
you know Isaac episodes after it's just
like my baseline for for feeling
productive I don't know how this video
turn into this within the first four
minutes here but you know all I'm
getting at is I understand the idea of
video games as having a therapeutic
influence because Isaac despite the fact
that sometimes the video videos go up
and people go like oh your item room
play gave me cancer I'm like well you
know what in the moment that realm was
very therapeutic after the fact and
50/50
okay the speed downgrade bad but we're
still at 1.7 so I'm not sweating it -
too much at the present moment in fact
we shouldn't sweat it at all 1.27 is
very very good sure why not you know for
cents and a spirit heart out of that
plays and too bad we might have missed
out on a sin - Drock but think that
basically does not matter much in the
whole scheme of things got a dime again
and the other thing by the way that
would really help us crank out better
daily scores would be finally like going
to the Academy
deep within the Nepalese mountains where
they teach you how to break the game you
know a lot of my contemporaries have
gotten their training with Shaolin Isaac
monks and they've figured out how to
break the game and it's only benefited
their daily scores perhaps eventually
the time will come for us to take that
plunge perhaps I want to charge so I can
crack open all these golden chests in
here is there a tinted rock in here this
is like the perfect room basically for
us to give something go in there 15
cents for the
candle it's a good purchase except we
have no need to use it right now the
nail is like you can definitely roll the
nail for the entirety of the game a
little silly we had to take damage there
but I mean we a little silly that we
chose to take damage there by way of our
actions again personal responsibility
but still deal with the devil wire coat
hanger very good even with moms knife
use your bomb to find the second secret
room nailed it
second secret room as a couple of dudes
that are up to no good and started
causing trouble in the neighborhood but
I like it because now crack into these
we just like rebalance our consumables
basically I think and I will play this
guy maybe we should have blown them up
for a better deal with the devil chance
but I didn't look for the second secret
room until after we beat the deal with
the devil anyway so for right now this
is a pretty decent use of like the extra
money that we have left over from the
quarter and just you know miscellaneous
finding of it elsewhere we got plenty of
time like we're three and a half minutes
ahead of schedule I don't want to spend
my whole lifetime here but we'll spend
some time and see what we can get out of
it we're going to play the blood bank
anyway so it's a getting a little
ridiculous Butterbean just god-awful
item we can get some luck UPS Oh IV bag
okay I was really hoping it would be
blood bag of course but I'll accept IV
bag my new Lord and Savior and we're
going to keep using the nail because the
nail is better although the IV bag again
is one of the necessary ingredients for
breaking moon card out of here I took
less than a minute so in the whole
scheme of things that was pretty good
and we'll just bounce we could use our
bag you know what we should do the mob
trap room we could use IV bag as well to
hurt us a little bit more and then take
the extra spirit hearts but I think the
damage penalty might not quite be
compensated for by the rewards that we
would get
maybe maybe not the jury's still out by
which I mean there is a mathematical
answer but I'm too lazy to figure it out
and that's okay you know that's life
half of being wise is knowing that there
is a way to come up with an answer for
something but maybe the juice just ain't
worth the squeeze
like I'm not an accomplished programmer
necessarily and I wouldn't deign to give
that impression but I got asked a
question that I thought was really
thought-provoking on Twitter and
somebody said hey now that you've been
coding more often what do you find
yourself thinking more when people pitch
projects to you I could never do that or
I can do that but don't want to and the
answer is that both of those are
actually valid like when you don't know
how programming works you're just kind
of like I it's Facebook but like when
your dog puts his nose on the phone it
posts a selfie and you're like well that
might not actually be a good example of
I'm like I don't know if that's possible
I have the dog's nose be recognized by
like I have to touch you interface blah
blah blah so like you do now go well
that's not possible cute idea though but
then sometimes people are like you know
like Rob he's like I want to make a game
where you know you can be a mech pilot
and then the mechs have like all modular
mech parts that have like you know they
can shear off and you know be replaced
to have different effects and stuff like
that I'm like oh you can totally make
that what you have described is
basically object-oriented programming do
you want to do it no absolutely not it's
going to be a ton of work are you out of
your mind
it's you know if you can find someone to
do it more power to you it sounds like a
good idea I'd love to see it manifested
but no no sir that sounds like a it's a
mega project that the History Channel
would make a television program about
what's this what's this paralysis well
there's no reason to take betrayal if we
don't like it hopefully we can come back
in here and play this guy so I'm not
going to blow them up just yet now that
we can fly we can grab that excuse me
sir excuse me sir
addicted huh I don't like the fact that
that took like a whole spirit are
because of addicted but now we can get
in here and crack this open as well I
might as well do that hmm I think the
honest like complete answer is you
probably find yourself saying I could be
part of a team that could do that but I
don't want to do that because you know
start to value your time I guess a
little bit you know what's cool is the
Nick I don't know if you still watches
these eyes together so he's been doing
3d modeling nobody tell him this is a
joke by the way but nobody tell him that
he is doing the hard work everyone when
you're like you know I'm learning how to
program people people who are unaware of
that like what that actually means look
at you like you're some kind of arcane
wizard like all I could never do that
you must have were you born with the
sign you're your jar stroke blessed you
with a baptism when you were younger
does just you know you learn a slightly
different way of problem-solving in a
unique set of languages to do it nick is
doing 3d modeling which actually
requires a different kind of brain than
the one that I possess that's something
that genuinely I don't know that I would
ever deign to attempt so it's cool that
he's doing that now because now I can
give him inspiration and also have like
custom models and stuff to work with on
my silly little prototype projects I use
two of diamonds I just realize I hit cue
by accident back there but it is okay so
I was making like a crappy little skeet
shooting game prototype where you can
walk around and you know press a button
and then it shoots a clay pigeon up in
the air and then you can you know shoot
it by pointing at it with your gun and
press the buddies get a little too you
know my new shed but
apparently those are the two words of
the day today Dane and minutia huge
growth is probably better than I'm
drowsy but they're both you know they
got their uses SS balls of steel so yeah
hey Nick you know if you if you're ever
starved because you know when you're
when you're a hobby if sometimes dealing
I want to make something but I don't
know what you know it'd be nice to have
a motivating purpose and said you know
if you're ever bored you got nothing
else to do you can make me like a clay
pigeon model and if you're what you want
to see a magic trick if you're feeling
up to it you can make me like a gun
model or something like that and to his
credit he did it and then I immediately
botched it thank you egghead for saving
me from taking damage there I tried to
import it into unity and it just didn't
import properly so jury's still out on
whether or not I'm going to be able to
use that but in theory it was sweet dude
black rune thank you egghead thank you
egghead you got to say thank you it's
getting a little silly but I think it
was worth it for succubus out of all
these dude black room of course even
better than huge growth all right head
down we can't really suck up a trail so
we're good to go
just keep going I mean we're on schedule
I would I mean normally I'd say we're
ahead of schedule considering the amount
of advantages we've got I'd say we're on
schedule we should be going a little
faster but we have eked out some
advantages as well that otherwise might
not have been accessible like who knows
how important that that two of diamonds
play in the sack of sacks might uh did
we have to I lost like a hundred points
just right there in my defense if the
hand is already on the ground how am I
supposed to walk into it and then have
it pick us up it's already clasping you
know gravel or whatever this floor is
made out if it doesn't look anything
like gravel but it talks like linoleum
like
you remember when you were young okay I
didn't even see that enemy spill milk
you know it's not a good item but I
don't really want to use black rune on
it with just basic clubs potentially
viable but it's it's good after you get
hit and you know mom's knife probably
makes it a little less good but it still
exists you want to be out of here by 16
minutes so I think we do want to do the
forget-me-now like the the forget-me-now
is basically something you do if you
have the time or at least if you feel
like you have the certainty that you
have the time and I think that we
probably do this is going to be one of
those especially because today is a
Sunday so it's going to be one of those
dailies where it shouldn't be hard to
win
we should easily kill magazine with
mom's knife
okay damage that's probably going to get
better and you know empty the nail is
our space bar item you know we got all
sorts of huge advantages today because
of the player base today it'll probably
be a tougher daily to rank well in which
is where we hope that maybe you know the
average player that's good so I guess
maybe you know an above-average player
is going to look at this and go I'm not
going to do the forget-me-now because I
really can't afford to miss boss rush
and they will be right remember we need
to be out of the next floor within a
minute and a half so I'm not going to
the shop I'm just going straight to the
forget-me-now here similarly some people
might have walked into that five room
and been like I've already done half of
this floor I'm not going to you know go
fight the boss just to get the maximal
value out of this and they could be
right as well I'm going to go for the
gummi tree however you know we got
humbling bundle as a result of being a
little bit more diligent so humbling
bundle is one of those things that coral
a is extremely nicely with ranking well
so I'm pretty happy about that but we
could have missed out on we got a
contract from below sorry but we could
have missed out on something like
humbling bundle from our
by not going there so it's all about the
compromises you you make in order to you
know get to that that final destination
you know we're all going to the same
place
final destination great movie by the way
if you've you heard of this one I think
about that sometimes because I fly like
fairly frequently not as much as I used
to for all the stereotype of me you know
and this is going to sound like big
shotting it's not intended to be though
genuinely so the stereotype of like oh
it's a new month where you going on
vacation this month you know lately I've
refocused my working life around
spending more time at home not just to
spend more time with my family but to
make more videos do more streams because
I realized you know the best place for
me to be is sitting in my underwear of
recording videos and making streams
that's what makes me happy that's what I
like doing about the job and you know
just because a company is like hey want
to come out to Serbia and check out our
game you know three or four years ago
I'm like obviously how did the game look
ah you know it looks okay but free trip
to Serbia and that's not a joke like I
mean the Serbia thing never happened but
and most of the stuff that I've ended up
checking out for like media events was
pretty dope like going to paradox cons
got me into playing those as grand
strategy games for certain uh we haven't
been to item room or shop we're gonna
have to compromise here at some point
but the older I get or at least the
longer I've been in the business the
more I'm like I really want I don't want
to spend my life doing that as cool as
it is I'm better off being back here but
anyway the whole point of this is that I
fly a lot and sometimes you know Kate
will be like what if like before we go
wherever we're going I have a dream that
the airplane is going to crash would you
still get on and I'm like yeah as long
as you're getting on I'm getting on and
if you're not getting on you know we'll
have a conversation about it to figure
out what's going on but I I'm
very unsupervised
as a logical person I feel like the odds
of the plane going down are no greater
because they aren't any greater however
I really don't want to give you the
world's biggest I told you so
like if somebody was like hey I had a
dream that your plane was going to crash
don't get on it and I was like yeah
whatever you idiot and then you know the
plane went down they would be like I
told you so they would also be a god
like I would be empowering them to be a
god and I don't know how I feels about
that we got to go by the way we should
still be totally fine to make it here
but we're two minutes behind schedule so
just like really get a move on because
we want to do boss rush and hush as well
we need the other trinket just an
emperor card by chance
now the chariot black runs better use it
on boss fresh black runes bet they're
used Tombaugh stretch this is the sort
of funky towns music what happened to
argue oh because we we matured a heart
out of our existing hearts I see I see
yeah you know I did seriously like
flying the vast majority of the time is
a very very normal experience although
you know I am conscious of the fact that
maybe like five percent of the people on
the airplane think that they're never
going to get off and I was one of them
for a while I got a sandwich um totally
my fault but still this damage is taking
its toll on me
uh the weirdest flight I ever had was
definitely the third time I was ever on
an airplane which makes this just that
much funnier but and it's not funny
because like the woman was very much
ljust
on Thursday was now we don't need a was
the woman was very much in distress but
like it was a short flight Toronto to
Chicago and we you know get on the
airplane hey see you later I'm going to
Korea for a year via Chicago like a
Wilco song and we get out like we're
about to take off and then this lady is
like hyperventilating in the flight
attendant is sitting down next
so we're like don't worry it's going to
be okay it's like an hour and a half
late we're just up and then we're there
basically and she's like no we have to
go back to the gate so bad I mean I
understand why I have to do it but it
was extremely annoying
then we taxi back to the gate and then
had to like unload her and then wait for
permission to take off again and it was
just like it was the whole thing
that's what I mean to suggest that's the
weirdest thing I've ever had happen on a
flight I have also experienced one if
there's a doctor on the flight please
let us know
I think somebody passed out I think you
probably go a host Hatford explosion
immunity
I don't know triple shots kind of funny
at least thankfully no emergency
landings some pretty rough landings
where I was like we're gonna we're going
to crash I'm not really like that
anymore thankfully you know even when
things like when Kate and I were coming
back from Japan it was like 10 hours of
mad turbulence not quite people like
crying and saying their prayers but like
pretty bad and occasionally it shakes
you out of your seat and like shocks you
a little bit but I was like nah dude
it's just fine it's just a little bumpy
mind you it's a little rich because I
find roller coasters on Pleasant ma'am
I'm on the airplane like nobody what you
doing start the next episode of Game of
Thrones we got a really got nine hours
this is a nine hour vacation you can
watch at least 10 episodes if we
maximize our time but I'm it's it's an
affliction you know flight anxiety I
understand it because I had it for a
long time just got over it thankfully
through overexposure basically just
being on airplanes enough to not be
scared of them that's why I like I kind
of rib Mathis cuz he keeps said you know
he travels more than I do I think at
this point because he's gone to all
these conventions and events
except for e3 this year I'm not you know
trying to talk down to him or anything
but like what's up with that buddy I
thought we had a good time last year but
I guess not but he's still like you know
before a flight he gets anxious about it
and I'm like you're gonna be fine man
how many times you you've been over the
Atlantic Ocean like like 10 times now
you got nothing to worry about man the
Atlantic Ocean is a baby ocean you know
there's so many places for you to land
if things go wrong you know there's any
chance of recovery you're fine you're
gonna land in like you know Bermuda or
you know the falkland Iowa that's in
Argentina what's what's the one maybe it
is the Falkland Islands the ones that
are in like the north of Scotland
it's just use it glide the green Linden
and live with the rest of your life and
look you'd be fine dude you want a
harrowing cross fly over the Pacific
Ocean dude biggest ocean once you pass
Hawaii you know like just little tiny
islands out there that house the 10
meter runway once during the Second
World War
you got to divert around North Korea
like now that's a hair it was not even a
harrowing flight you know it's still a
routine but at the same time I rib
because I love not because I feel
superior to Mathis because I don't have
the same level of flight anxiety but
because I love I think we should black
roon Bob's rotten head we're going to do
that we should pick up everything else
here that we want to first we're gonna
lose like a lot of battery charges there
we go we go oh oh my god we got a fire
rate increase which is awesome but dude
you see the look at the fly rate
increases what I'm most concerned about
here
so you know if you and I think it's
applies to like a lot of things in life
there's there's a few different kinds of
it's going to start by saying there's a
few different breeds of people that
would have come across I think a little
incorrect you know there's a few
different kinds of people there are
people who are scared by almost nothing
I am envious but also at the same time
like something's wrong with your brain
you know how did how did your ancestors
live long enough without being like at
least a little afraid of some things
they should have been afraid of like
your you basically have won the genetic
lottery just by being alive right now if
you're a thrill seeker excuse me but I'm
not that kind of person and then there's
people who are like who will like always
be afraid of something and that's
something I'm not qualified to talk
about as well much like everything else
I talk about in these episodes like if
you have a genuine phobia of something
I'm not a psychologist I'm not gonna be
one of those guys like all you have
depression yeah I was sad once I just uh
drank a glass of orange juice when I
felt better the next day just try to
keep your chin up you know this is
psychiatric and psychological
professionals for a reason that stuff is
mad demeaning if you're a person like me
who is like just worry I'm gonna say
worry something no it's just a person
who worries about things that are beyond
your control
don't sweat it too much and try not to
sweat it too much you're my people okay
I'm not going to take faiths reward I
don't think it's that good here if
you're afraid of flying
you'll probably get over it if you fly
enough my parents didn't fly for like
thirty years not because they were
afraid they just didn't have a good
reason to so he told me at least and
then my first flight was in like 2010
which is you know I was like 20 years of
22 years old late in the game right do I
want an orbital why not and that was
like their third or fourth flight and we
were all scared we were all like flying
is not fun it's a it's a five-hour
roller coaster just to get to Las Vegas
a town I don't even like that much to
begin with what a ripoff and then you
know we've all flown enough now that
we've gotten over it so if we share a
meaningful genetic history
I've got hopes I got hope that you can
get over it just got to give it some
time there's no magic bullet for it
though sadly would have been sweet um
grab these
okey-dokey so we're gonna get our Cuba
meet no deal with the devil
what else do we have to like leverage on
this run we are above average in terms
of where our points would normally be
you do get a nice bonus of course for
beating mega satan as well and we like
will beat mega satan Loki I'm apparently
the most boring idiot on the planet
because I'm actually stoked whenever I
get a Bob's curse on a daily I'm like
five bombs endpoints an item we can take
guilt-free
what a country well I think the big
thing for us is finding some way to be
safe against the hush like a nalgas room
would be awesome because sadly by the
way like don't get your hopes up about
Duffy seems unlikely less likely
although we do have a good chance here I
would take ship to loop here actually
although our damage isn't that amazing
maybe ship the loop well we're going to
have a choice like the thing is the nail
is so good for survival and also it
gives us some points when we use it
because it gives us a spear at our when
we use it but okay that's getting a
little ridiculous now I would say we
have almost no chance to become cubby
but shoopdawhoop is going to be a really
nice way to hit enemies from afar I
don't know I kind of like it but our
damage stat isn't that impressive it's
the fact that we have mom's knife that's
doing good work for us I think we should
also well I have no internal convictions
about this it's kind of a mean to take
the left hand in situations where it's
not it doesn't belong but I don't think
it's a bad idea to take the left hand
down to the blue womb we cost ourselves
well may I mean bookable Isles
specifically might be better now for the
hush fight we get to use it more often
as well but what I mean to say is
our four red chests really worse than
four golden chests we need to guppy
items so we're probably not going to get
to Goffe items out of four red chests
but we could and what are we hoping to
get out of golden chests you know we
don't need fate
we don't need consumables of almost any
kind should explore everything that we
can explore here maybe we're better off
like certainly I will get rid of this
before the dark room because we don't
want to get red chests on the dark room
they're the only chests that aren't
guaranteed on the dark room to pay out
with an item I think the value
proposition might be decent enough this
would be an awesome time to get a guppy
item by the way let's get out of here
alright I'm ready to move on I think
here I do even though I haven't used it
at all yet big book of Belial is the
right choice just to get us through that
hush fight as quickly as possible mega
Satan is like a joke compared to
compared to what the hush fight is going
to be like so it's going to be a fast
finish here and we played pretty well
mild room for improvement but pretty
well so that's Krampus is head we don't
care we're down to the next floor were
going to be in the thirty somewhere 33
not bad we kept the left hand well we
got an item but it wasn't the item we
wanted so what about the pills full
health paralysis and burp into a full
health pill they keep giving me good
choice oh it's a double tinted rock it's
also a ghost ball I'm gonna have to
think about that trinket smelter why not
what kind of person would I be if I
didn't smell two trinkets I smell to the
left handy
it's a mistake it's a mistake okay so I
think actually what you do you take the
passive here now we can learn from our
earlier daily that the right course of
action here is to do the entire floor
like let's just assume the hush fight is
over and we win because we're going to
win we might take some damage in the
process so you go to the you go to Sheol
you beat Sheol you go to the land and
you do everything on that floor then you
fight mega Satan then you press the
spacebar to use forget-me-now and you go
to town on the floor one more time this
is why you know when you when you make a
mistake in a productive way you should
never be too upset unless it's like you
know catastrophic but don't sweat the
small stuff and most of its small stuff
it's all small stuff that's just
disingenuous isn't it you know some of
it is very large stuff they might they
might cover that in the book I don't
know I haven't read it just read the
CliffsNotes it's right there on the
front page don't sweat the small stuff
it's all small stuff hey I never thought
of it that way
but maybe like two weeks ago we had a
daily where I was just one week ago I
think we had a daily where we got
forget-me-now on the chest or it might
have been on the dark room and I said no
we're not going to do it because I don't
think you can fight mega Satan I think
your key piece or your full key gets
used up when you open the door for the
first time and it's Invicta was like nah
dude you can definitely get saved us
there you can definitely fight a mega
satan twice I don't know if you get
double the bonus but or at least even if
you don't fight them twice you get the
bonus for having fought him once and
killed him and then you can do the whole
floor over again and get an extra few
thousand points so I think that this is
the right call
but don't accidentally use the forget me
now full help I'm full helpful helpful
full health or full health you know as
many good options there so yes we're
going straight down got to be fifty five
thousand to be on the front page
unlikely plausible plausible but
unlikely so again we smelted the left
hand this is where we're going to start
to find out whether or not it's
plausible that that's going to pay out
with Duffy I mean we'll get a lot of
read chests not because of the left hand
only but because of the fact that those
are all full health again because of the
fact that we're going to do the lam
floor twice I guess we'll keep full
health I've decided that out of the
three full health pills full health is
probably the one that we should roll
with even though it provides us with
like literally no benefits I would love
like a straight up and algae's room be a
good get actually balls of steel is
appropriate as well all right don't
worry roll mile run please all right
they want to reroll my whole run as
always that was pretty dumb of me but as
always on dailies I think I reserve the
right to not reroll my whole run if it's
been going well or if it's been going
badly for that matter like I these are
runs in which I take more owners it's
the only time I ever get to compete and
that's important for me because I have a
bit of a competitive streak it comes out
on the NL s s sometimes admittedly or in
the battlegrounds videos when
everybody's freaking talking to me out
did they already died I'll go over here
go okay but this is not the time nor the
place
I don't want HP Rios
comes out on the analysis sometimes
admittedly and the other thing is you
got to accept I'm pretty easygoing when
it comes to comments you know I'm not
like old you know somebody yelled at me
on the internet it's gonna ruin my whole
day he's not anymore and my event is
time at some point in the distant past
but no longer but still I sometimes I
read the comments like a rag Don people
go nice you know win NL but why did you
do this you're stupid idiot the dailies
are here so that conceptually for me I
know like hey it's 75 people ragging on
me on today's daily but I came in 50th
so what gives
you know those who can't do teach I
don't believe that expression but if I
may use it temporarily for a roast than
I will so specifically we did say stop
taking damage towards the end of the run
that's the best thing you can
conceivably do to maximize your chances
without going of course the the camel
Taj or whatever the heck Doctor Strange
went to to get trained in the in the
arts of breaking the game I'm going to
be straight with you I had no idea what
we would actually get out of a Pandora's
Box on the dark room or sorry on Sheol
it's kind of a fringe case doesn't
happen all that often
it's a fringe case it's a French kkc not
a French case that's some Lynette - that
is like I'm not a fluent French speaker
as you can probably gather from my
accent Arriba however I think I might
have just made a pun in another language
it's probably not called Ana pash it's
probably called anitha Shay but still
you know what I got a no I got a no I'm
not going to reroll the whole run every
time I've ever rear old the whole run on
a daily maybe not every time but most
times it has led to disaster and despair
so we're just gonna leave I wanted to
see if those are got the item because I
had to know
oh wait what but what am I forgive me
now go I didn't have it when I what
oh I'm sorry Ruka I left it and we
became Guffey I left it in the in the
curse room Wow
what an idiot okay so what do you do now
well I'm disappointed but not like
extremely so I did give up an obvious
chance at getting a really really good
score but you know hopefully we can
still persevere here what and this is
why I should be streaming dailies man so
that I could glance over a chat and shad
will be like hey you idiot go back and
you know get that freaking forget me now
that you sacrifice like a few pretty
great spacebar items to hold oh well
life goes on might be in the low 50s
today it's not bad but it's the shadow
of what it could have been by low
fifties I don't mean like low low ranked
fifties will probably be in like a 200
to 300 s but low 50 thousands though I
think is not outside of the realm of
possibility High Priestess trained card
you have to give this role you take the
strength card because I'd rather have
damage than permanent polaroid
invincibility on the on the mega satan
fight a nalgas would be different
because we could probably kill mega
satan in one algae's
there's a non sous room that's
completely different moon card it up
don't really want to fight you guys
killed you in two seconds though so no
big deal well is like a monkey's paw
situation you know we made good use of
the left hand surprisingly and yet find
ourselves looking like the fools with
our pants on the ground nonetheless and
actually the left hand might be screwing
us up a bit but in theory it did also
give us the Guffey dream so I'm not
worried about those guys what I am
worried about is getting through here in
a reasonable time frame now on sousta
moon I don't understand why it said
we're getting so many sacks that payout
with exactly the same combination of
consumables right down to the actual
like the the value of the card itself
like we had one run we were getting
exact we got chaos card and something
else out of like three or four sacks in
a row is getting to the point of
ridiculousness
this is spades also not relevant we have
99 so I think we're okay in that
department on soos again well I mean it
is what it is
we're going to beat mega Satan fairly
handily we're not gonna I don't think we
get 9999 for beating mega Satan because
we already got the earlier bonuses again
I'm not in charge of determining how the
points are scored in after birth plus if
I were you would get a bonus for
fighting delirium and more of you would
probably dislike me to be honest so we
should count our blessings and we're in
a position where we can just be in the
peanut gallery and be like well why do
they do it this way where instead you
know when you actually got some
halves in the decision-making process
that's where it becomes annoying man
you've actually got like
responsibilities and repercussions for
your actions it's why YouTube is great I
can just you know talk crap face no
consequences
so obviously the stopwatch
is a great pickup here yeah I'm thinking
maybe like 48 to 50 1000 is where I see
myself finishing this run a great score
but relatively low compared to what it
could have been especially considering
we beat this whole floor in like under 3
or 4 minutes so if we had just had to
forget me now it's not like it even
would have been a big ask she had a
great ask that's what happens when you
know you ask why you entered a business
arrangement with the company down the
street they had a great ask 175 is way
better than it should have been but I'll
survive we could have been top hundred
though for sure another consistent score
for now though thanks for watching I
hope you enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button up set a great
deal of course subscribe you're on see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time